April 25th - May 2nd 2024:
Development started.
Threaded networking, ANSI color with styles,
telnet commands, mud client detection, unicode support,
character map negotiation, character map translation, accounts,
characters, fast-relog (logout), reconnect to 'already playing'
characters, passphrase generation, passphrase scoring, threaded
input buffering with flooding-kick, basic new character name checks,
accounts/character names/passphrases support unicode, high security
passphrase hashing, support for TLS/SSL secure connections,
account/character unique fingerprint IDs, basic say/who/quit commands.

May 2th - 4th:
Added login menu idle kick and in-game idle kick. Rewrote ANSI color
system. Added basic help file system (see help ansi). Fixed some
relog/reconnect bugs. Added (no link) to who command to show player
lost connection. Fixed a minor race condition with link loss. New
passphrase hashing (encrypt) was rewritten to be asynchronous
(on it's own cpu thread) and limited (queue, one at a time).
This prevents a small lag hitch for the rest of the mud when
a new account is created.

May 5th - 6th:
added connection order shuffling . added better partial command
matching. added basic help. added basic look command. added basic
go <exit> command. Changed time units to short form. 1h23m3s. Show
connected and idle time in who. added uptime to who. added telnet
options command. added say character limit. added help 'commands'.
added afk kick, different for login menu, character menu and playing.

May 7-11th:
Started areas/rooms structs, one default system area/room.
Added player level, pset command. New UUID system added
(quicker, better), with unit test. Added player.toRoom and fromRoom,
 commands: dig, asave, new directrions, with colors (nw ne se sw),
 auto links rooms at boot. Added async password checking. Added
 players to look command. Commands now have player levels. Added
 pset <level> command. Added revDir() command for auto reversing
 directions (used by dig, to create exits to-from rooms). added
 sendToRoom to send text to players in a specific room (such as
 say). add nsew quick move aliases. Added player movement notices
 (name arrives from the west). Started OLC command. Dig and pointer
 relink added. Added some code to protect the mud from connection
 flooding. Output text is now buffered, chapmap translated and has
 ansi color applied at the end of each round. Some code cleanup.
 Asave added.

May 12-15th:
Fixed multiple bugs in ANSI color/style and improved end size.
Charmap and ANSI color translation are now multi-threaded.
Started work on chat channels and world objects. Improved the
"go" command, and added aliases to walk nw ne sw se. up and down.
Commands are now sorted by level and name. Warn on login with many
failed attempts. Automatically detect HTTP requests, and send a
redirect. Fixed a bug with quit. Adjusted idle times at different
states. 

{*For more information, see the Discord!{*
{_https://discord.gg/8WaUA9STPj{_